I've got nothing going on except 48
hours from now I have to make decision
that's gonna affect me
till the day that I die.
I'd accepted that I
wouldn't have a child
and now I have one inside of me.
And you made that happen.
Lily, tell me, if you were pregnant...
To... to you?
Yeah, yeah, to me. What
would you want to hear?
I love you and...
And I'll support you in any way I can.
OK? I'm not going anywhere.
Not as much cooking in
the promo as I expected.
There'll be a montage of
different shots of you,
but it will always go
back to the cooking.
Great.
Our research says that people
tuned in because it's Jack.
Not because it's cooking,
not because it's food,
it's because he's handsome.
I trusted you and I believed you.
Why didn't you tell me you
had no regard for what I think
or what I want?
Do you think it's going to
damage my profile at all?
Oh, no, not at all.
Eric has dropped his bundle,
so Jack's promo is dead.
We're starting again. Put a
shirt on him and get him cooking.
You made the promo go away.
Yeah.
From now on, let's just be
completely honest with each other.
Yeah.
- Yes!
- Yeah!
Yeah! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh!
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, laaaaa!
Yes!
Hey, this is Pete. Leave a message.
It's me. Listen to this.
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
I just want you to know that
they're coming up to 2.5 hours...
Simone and Jack.
I can't sleep.
I can't leave my room.
It's sex terrorism!
I am a victim of sex terrorism.
If you don't hear from me for a while
just send them in with
the tear gas and tasers.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You're getting it everywhere.
I actually don't think I
can go on unless I have sex.
I might actually die.
What, do you breathe out
of your muff or something?
It's been almost two weeks.
It's like I'm in a Jane
Austen movie or something.
He hasn't said anything to you, has he?
No.
Well, if you happen to be speaking
to him, could you maybe ask...
- You ask him.
- I have!
But every time he's like,
"I've got an early start,"
or "I'm training a new chef,"
or "not on the traffic island."
I'm going. Bye.
Thanks.
Some sample comments.
Melissa from Western Australia,
"can he be the next bachelor?"
Jan from Adelaide, "he's something
me and my daughter enjoy together."
Ew.
Glen from Hobart, "any
information about his orientation
would be greatly appreciated."
So, Jack's come out
of the gates at 'love'
in the last audience research,
whereas Eric has plateaued at 'neutral'.
We want as much of Jack as we can
possibly get within a G rating,
but contractually we
can't have less Eric,
so we're looking for
content that unites them.
Are you thinking studio content
or could we possibly
do a location shoot?
- Either.
- What about a cook-off?
Like competitive Sushi rolling,
potentially in traditional
Japanese attire.
- I feel like I've seen it.
- Yoga. Jack could teach Eric yoga.
Eric in downward dog is not an image
I want to inflict on
myself or the world.
- At the risk of getting too newsy...
- No, Dale.
- What about a Canberra week?
- Dale.
Jack and Eric in the nation's capital...
Lily?
There's always the
fitness challenge thing.
You know, an interactive
lifestyle makeover.
Keep going.
Well, we could get them both to wear
branded step-it trackers for a week.
All their activity will be recorded
and the audience could compare it online
and then the results will
be announced live on air.
Do you wear those trackers
on the wrist or on the bicep?
On the wrist, generally.
- Can we talk about maybe...
- No.
If you can keep Eric
well away from Lycra,
I like the fitness challenge.
OK, let's get to work.
- OK.
So, the bill comes in... $400.
- Bloody ridiculous. Off a $200 quote.
- Yeah, ridiculous.
It takes him 20 minutes to do the job.
Hey, Dad, I've got
to tell you something.
What have you done?
No, no, it's not bad, but it
might come as a bit of a surprise.
Um... Actually I'm gonna be a dad.
- Since when?
- Well, it's still early.
Is it with Lily?
No. What?
What? No, no, no, not
with Lily. With Meredith.
Which one's she again?
The one from the café
that I just moved in with.
Yeah, of course. Yes.
- Congratulations.
- Thanks, Dad.
- I still think of you as a kid.
- Yeah, so do I.
But I'm the same age
you were when you had me.
- Are you?
- Yeah.
- God, it looks different, doesn't it?
It will be the best
thing you've ever done.
You think?
- Oh, yeah. Yeah, it was for me.
- Really?
Because, I mean, to be
perfectly honest, Dad,
you always just seemed
a little bit bored by it.
Yeah, it's boring, but it's both.
It's both boring and
amazing at the same time.
- OK.
- Is Lily excited?
Meredith.
So, this is obviously just a mock-up,
but there'll be a Jack
page and an Eric page,
and the audience will be able
to track your calories burned,
your heart rate...
- Um, technical question.
- Yes?
Uh... Just in terms of privacy,
will the audience be able
to tell if we're, um...
... Well, you know,
intimate with someone?
Um... I...
Just take it off before
you go to bed, mate.
Might not be limited
to the bedroom, Jack.
I'm kidding! I'm so kidding.
Not really. Anyway, you
can take them off at night.
Yeah, absolutely. So, if you
guys want to slip them on now...
Um... No, Eric, you don't
have to take your shirt off.
It's wrist.
- It's wrist, yeah.
- Of course it is.
Lily, would you mind
just popping it on there?
Yep.
Um... OK, so, if you just
want to look at the display,
you should be able to see
steps taken, distance, calories,
um... heart rate.
Might be experiencing a minor
surge in that department right now.
No, I'm kidding.
I am so kidding. Not really.
Anyway, continue, when you're ready.
- He's pretty inappropriate.
- Hm. It's fine. He's just old school.
Does Sasha know how he is around you?
- I can handle it.
- But you shouldn't have to.
Look, I don't wanna make
a situation out of it,
and, yes, I know that
is how evil prospers,
but it's Wednesday and I'm
facing five solid days of him,
so congratulations, Evil.
Anyway, are you home tonight?
I was thinking of cooking
dinner for you and Simone.
I think I, um... I have...
Yeah, I've got a whole... bunch
of emails I have to get back to,
so I might just leave you two to it.
It's not uncomfortable, is
it? Having me at your place?
No. No, no, no. No, no. Why would it be?
It's just this past week
I've been thinking about you.
Thinking about me?
Thinking about it from your perspective.
You have to work with me all day here,
then to get me at your place as
well, it's a whole lot of Jack.
I can handle a whole lot of J... Jack.
Just if it's getting
annoying give me a sign.
- See you tonight.
- OK.
Bye.
A whole lot of Jack.
Oh! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, laaaaa!
Oh.
Sorry.
I have to be out of the house in
15 minutes, and you do too, Jack,
so really you should hurry...
- Lils!
- Lucas?
I thought you were J... I...
didn't know you were in town.
Just for one night.
Just for one night. Ah!
- You're looking good, little Lil-lover.
- Thanks. You, too.
I've been getting into
the interval training.
Feeling the burn. Feeling the burn! Ah!
- Good for you.
- Have you seen my watch?
- It's really nice.
- Do you like it?
- You can have it.
- Oh, that's OK.
No, go on, take it. It's yours.
Oh, do you mind if I use the bathroom?
Go for it, Hillary Clinton.
Psst. Is he gone?
What the hell is going on?
- I think I fell off the wagon.
- What happened to Jack?!
Last night when I went to bed you two
were curled up on the couch together.
I know.
I thought it was all going
well, but then I don't know why,
but Jack started going on
about things he had to check
at the restaurant and getting up early,
and he left and I was a bit upset.
- So you booty-called Lucas?
- No.
I swear, he just happened
to text and I responded.
I honestly didn't think I
was gonna sleep with him.
"In town. What's up? I mean,
besides me." Rocket emoji.
I know it's terrible, but
actually, in the long run,
I think it's gonna be good.
How could it be good?
Because it really clarified
that that is what I do not want.
I think it was a bit like
I was driving recklessly
and I almost had an accident,
but it ended up being a good reminder
of the importance of road safety.
Simone, I think you had the
accident. The accident was loud.
The accident left me with no hot water.
Please don't say anything to Jack.
So, everyone said living together
would be either brilliant or terrible,
but three weeks in it's kind of both.
I'm sleeping.
Libido-wise, there's
a definite imbalance,
and some of her
opinions drive me mental.
Because of the incredible amount
of evidence and documentation.
Have you actually seen
footage of the moon landing?
- Yes, tons of it.
- Well, why is the flag waving?
Where's the wind on the moon?
The no-sex thing I'd be worried about,
but the moon landing...
Oh, no, we do have sex, just
not as much as I thought.
- No, when we have it, it's amazing.
- Oh, shut up.
- Oh, it's the best sex of my life.
- Of your life?
- Don't... I mean...
- The best sex of your life?
I so regret saying that.
Well, you were not the
best sex of my life either.
But I would still like
to give you an award
for the evening we spent together.
- Thank you.
- Do you know what it is?
- No.
- It's for turning up... participation.
It's a participation award.
Let me tell you about
the single biggest problem
Meredith and I have had so far.
I think that would be a good idea, yes.
OK, so, she's got this
best friend, right?
He's a dude. He's named Mitchell.
- Your phone.
- OK.
Hey. No, no, it's fine.
And every time he rings,
she goes outside to the very
back corner of the garden, right?
Totally out of earshot, and they
always talk for over an hour.
And last time she comes back in,
she's looking totally devastated,
and she's never offered to
introduce me to him, not once.
You never introduced me to
Meredith and I'm your best friend.
- You've met her.
- When?
- At the café.
- She made me a coffee once or twice.
And that was before I even
knew you two were together.
That's not exactly how I'd choose
to meet the mother of
my best friend's child.
That's beside the point.
Pretty direct correlation, but go on.
But it's a worry.
Right? This whole Mitchell
thing, that's a definite worry.
I'd just do a group meet. Throw
them all in the room together.
You know, if I see them together
I'll know if you should be worried.
That's not comforting.
So, that message I left you at 2am...
- Oh, the Simone sex fest?
- Yeah. Turns out not Jack... Lucas.
- Lucas?!
- Mm-hm.
- Like, Cokehead Lucas?
- Yep.
- What happened to the chef?
- Nothing.
Apparently Simone is still dating Jack,
but he went home a bit early that night,
Simone felt a little bit
lonely for about two minutes,
so she decided to rebound
with a five-hour sex fest.
She's awesome.
What am I supposed to do?
Nothing. It's none of your business.
Well, it is kind of my business,
seeing as she's my flatmate,
he's my colleague and I introduced them.
- Are you hot for him or something?
- What?
- You heard me.
- No.
- You are.
- I am not!
No, I feel conflicted
because if they implode,
I am right in the middle.
And you want to sleep
with him just a little bit.
- No.
- Don't you?
No, OK, I'll acknowledge
Jack is attractive,
but we would not be
compatible, I'm certain of it.
- We'd be like 45% max.
- Oh, you've calculated?
Our dispositions are kind
of similar, so that's 35%.
Conversation's easy...
that's another 35%.
Right.
But he's really earnest
and he also does often take
breaks for meditation time,
which drags him right down to 45%,
which is below sustainable
relationship levels.
Yeah, you totally wanna sleep with him.
Hi. Sorry, Mum, two secs. I'm just...
No, it's fine... just when you get here
take a close look at your father.
- Why?
- Just take a close look.
At anything in particular?
I think he might have
had some work done.
Work?
Cosmetically. Huh? OK?
I'm not gonna say any more.
Just let me know what you think.
Dad, you were out of home at 17. I'm 31.
Yeah, but that's not the point.
Why? Why is that not the point?
It's very different circumstances.
- I can live independently, Dad.
- I mean a different era.
I mean, I had to leave home. My
parents were from the depression.
Your mother and I are much
more similar to you, culturally.
Well, and looks-wise,
in your case, Tony.
Pardon? Well...
Lily certainly loves it at home.
I mean, she's always staying over.
For about a night a month, then
she goes back to her own house.
Still says she never gets a
better night's sleep than at home.
- Don't you, Lil?
- That's true.
You look very well rested, Tony.
Extremely well rested.
What's your secret?
Well, I have been doing
a bit of mindfulness.
And I bought a humidifier,
too, to put in the bedroom.
Very effective.
You know, you can actually
feel the difference.
- Does it whiten your teeth?
- Mum.
Just regular brushing, Mimi.
I thought the point of these dinners
was to pretend we were a nice,
normal, happy post-divorce family.
Can we pretend a little
bit better, please?
I am being nice. I'm
being very, very nice.
I'm complimenting your
father. His teeth look lovely.
- Blindingly lovely.
- Mum, come on.
I reckon you could see them from space.
Mum.
Mum, I... no.
All I'm saying is he
didn't look, like, fake.
Oh, yes, so, you're actually
saying that he had good work done.
No!
No, seriously, should I
consider having some work done?
No. Not at all.
Hi, Mimi.
Simone.
Oh. Have you met Jack?
No. Hello.
- Hello.
- Pleasure to meet you.
Oh. I love you on the show.
I even downloaded Instagram
so I could follow you.
- Mum.
- Well, I'll follow you back.
Oh, no, I don't post anything,
I just, you know, look and like.
Oh, OK, Mum, that's creepy.
Now, Simone, you will tell me honestly,
should I consider having some work done?
- Oh, God.
- No, you're beautiful.
You're too young for it.
How old are you... mid-40s?
Oh, OK, Simone, marry him.
What happens, sometimes when I look
in the mirror I just, I don't know,
I just look a little bit angry.
No, you don't.
At most, you'd need
a little bit of Botox.
- Simone!
- Just a little bit.
It's not like you need it. I
personally love your wrinkles.
- Oh, my God.
- What? I do.
- Song-lines of your experience.
- Yes.
And your face is singing
beautiful songs, Mimi.
It's like an opera.
OK, I should go.
- Where is she?
- The bathroom.
She is unbelievable.
If someone asks you a
cosmetic surgery question
it's always a must-lie situation.
Everybody knows that.
Actually, I wasn't lying.
Your mum is beautiful.
- I can see...
- What?
Just, I can see where you get it from.
It's getting late.
Pete.
So, I did what you suggested... I
invited Mitchell to a group dinner.
How'd it go?
Pete, you should probably know that
Mitchell is more than an old friend.
He's an ex.
OK.
Yeah, he's the ex I tried to have
a baby with for all those years.
Oh.
And apparently he'd love to meet me.
So, we're gonna do a group dinner
tomorrow night. Do not cancel.
I will be there. Are you OK?
Yeah. I'm exhausted.
We had this massive D&M.
I'm sorry I didn't say everything.
It's just part of my history
that I'm trying to
resolve before, you know...
Sure.
Have you tried cyberstalking him yet?
I can't. I don't even
know his last name.
What? Are you a total amateur?
- What?
- Hang on.
What are you doing?
OK, his last name is Denham.
What? How did you...
Meredith only has one friend
called Mitchell on social media.
And... Hang on.
He's an investment banker.
Mid-40s. He's hot.
Jesus, who are you... Edward Snowden?
This is embarrassingly basic, Pete.
Clearly, him and Meredith did
a lot of travelling together.
I'm not getting any of this. Is it
Denham as in, like, 'double denim'?
He's way more corporate than I imagined.
OK, I got it. I got
it. I'll call you back.
And my role in those days
was more of an analyst
across a whole range of areas,
from commercial lending
to private equity.
Hey. Coming to bed?
Yeah. Yep.
Pete...
There's still a lot we have
to discover about each other,
but let's just always
start from a place of trust.
Of course. Yeah. No, I do trust you.
Day to day it was mostly research.
Crunching numbers, trying to
apply a means of common sense.
Whoo!
Ha!
You know, for me there's no
better way to start the day
than with a blast of endorphins.
And there's no better
exercise than squats.
What do you reckon? Let's do it.
Whoo! Yeah.
Feeling that.
Keep low. You know, our
bodies were built for this.
Oh, that's good.
- Are we out?
- Out.
Alice...
... Just, uh... 25 more,
or 30 if you can, yeah?
- OK.
- Yeah?
Uh... This will edit together, won't it?
Yeah. I hope this is heartburn.
Ooh.
And then straight into push-ups.
Remember, elbows in, back strong.
Alright.
Ha-ha! Yeah!
Just kiddin'!
And then when you're
really feeling that,
let's get that heart pumping with...
... Sprints.
Whoa. It's quite the routine, isn't it?
It certainly is, Erica, but
is it translating into results?
Well, right now we're
joined by trainer Phil
for the final stage of our
step-it fitness challenge.
- And cut.
- OK, great. Thanks, Erica.
Now, if I can just grab Eric,
Jack and trainer Phil, I'll...
Morning, Phil.
So, we'll just play
that short package...
I certainly hope you're
not referring to my package.
Hey? Package!
And then if you want to
come join Jack on the couch?
Uh, you want to walk me through it?
It... It's just walking to the couch.
Putty in your hands, Lily.
Putty.
- Ha!
- I'll walk you through it, mate.
- Eh?
- Come on, just around here, mate.
- Oh. Oh, I'm right, mate.
- Are you, mate?
- Yeah, I think I am.
- Good.
Hang on, how do you
unstrap this thing, again?
- Can you show me, mate?
- Where do...
Mate, your cock is on my shoulder.
- That's gold.
- There we go.
No, I don't think he
was trying to throw you.
Well, what was it? Some
sort of in-joke thing?
- I think he was just trying to...
- Do you know what?
I don't appreciate being
the butt of the joke
in front of the entire crew, Lily!
Eric...
Jack was just doing what
you do to me all the time.
What?!
Well, you lean over
me, too. Just like that.
Oh, come on, that's completely
different. You and me, we were...
We're just joking around.
Yeah, well, Jack was
just joking around, too.
Lily, you and I have been
working together for years.
I'd hope if you ever had
an issue you'd just say so!
Alright, I'm saying so. It's an issue.
Your sexually loaded jokes
make me uncomfortable.
I'm sorry I didn't say anything earlier.
Right.
OK, well, shame to drop the segment.
No, I don't want to drop the segment.
No, no, you've made yourself very clear.
Alice!
I will get you guys back up
there and maybe you can do some...
Hey
Um... Sasha just called,
she's dropping the segment.
It's just, um... The show's
running too long, so...
I'm so sorry, Phil.
We're still totally committed
to the summer bikini challenge.
- It's fine.
- Thanks. Bye.
I'm sorry.
Don't you apologise.
I had no idea the whole
segment would be canned.
I loved what you just did.
- Will there be repercussions?
- Maybe.
But I don't care.
Good. 'Cause neither do I.
Problem. Problem. Massive problem.
Jack was just a total hero with Eric
and now I'm rethinking
our compatibility levels.
I think they might be as high as 70%.
Lil, you can just admit
you're hot for him,
you don't need to pull
out the statistics.
No, you don't understand.
He just... he pulled this
total he for she moment.
It was full-on Justin
Trudeau meets Obama,
and he did it in front
of the entire crew.
I didn't... I didn't know he had
that kind of integrity and courage.
And, alright... I'll admit
it, he's ridiculously fuckable.
He...
- Oh, my God.
- What?
I've gotta go. I'll call back.
I'll call back. I'll call back.
Ted, you didn't hear anything
through this, did you?
I'm guessing it would
be better if I said no.
Who else would have heard?
Well, that pack was patched
into Nikkii, Jack and, um...
- Lil.
- Hamilton.
- What you just heard through your earpiece...
Lil, it's fine. I know.
I already knew, so...
There's nothing to know.
I have been sensing
a bit of a high-pressure
system between you two.
Please don't.
Just watching the UV index
get to quite dangerous levels.
I kinda get what you're doing.
I'm thinking I might
declare a total fire ban.
Enough with the weather metaphors, yeah?
Look, at the end of the
day, Lil, meteorology,
sexual tension-ology...
... It's all just water and wind.
Water and wind. That's disgusting.
I'm going. Never say
anything to anyone... ever.
- Yeah. No.
- Yeah?
Alice, is Jack still in make-up?
No. He left. Really suddenly.
Weird morning, I guess.
Lil, I'm gonna ask you something,
but I want you to know whatever
the answer, I won't be angry.
Did you say something
to Jack about Lucas?
What? No. Why?
I'm not gonna be angry,
I just wanna know.
I didn't say anything.
There's something in your eyes...
there's a freaked-outedness
in your eyes.
You are the source of the
freaked-outedness. What happened?
I invited him tonight to Pete's
and he said he was gonna come,
he likes meeting people.
Then he just sent me this text.
"Problems at the restaurant.
Can't come tonight."
"Talk tomorrow hopefully."
- 'Hopefully'?
- I'm sorry, Sim, I really don't know.
Yeah. OK.
Hi. You've reached Jack.
I can't get to the phone right now,
but if you leave me your name...
Are these candles a little bit
Marilyn Manson's birthday party?
- I like them. They're from Morocco.
- Oh.
Mm.
- Can you just stand normally?
- I am standing normally.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- God, look at you.
- Oh.
- Glowing.
- Oh, it's so good to see you.
Oh, this is Pete.
- Great to meet you, mate.
- Hey, you.
Oh. Yep.
I've been reading your stuff
online. Brilliant taste in music.
- Excellent sign.
- Thank you.
Yeah, I've been looking
at you, too, on YouTube.
On YouTube? I'm not on YouTube.
- Uh, yeah. Yeah, you are.
- Really?
What am I doing? Should I be worried?
Oh, nothing too bad.
You're just talking about,
um... Investment Bankery stuff.
I couldn't understand it, really.
Oh. What can I get you to drink?
- Well, why don't you open that one?
- Mm. Wow.
Pickering Valley.
I love your place.
- Thanks.
- Wow.
- So...
- So, do you...
Sorry, you go.
So, how did you two meet?
When I started working at the café.
Oh, you used to wait tables, did you,
when you were cracking into writing?
I still do. Yeah, just
to... to... supplement it.
Mm. Yeah. And you guys?
- University.
- Yeah.
Do you realise it's
20 years since we met?
- It is not.
- It's true.
- Oh.
- It's disturbing, but it's true.
We actually met in the grunge era.
- Sound garden, stuff like that.
- Yeah.
And, believe it or not,
we totally lived it.
- We did.
- Totally.
Oh, my gosh, so much flannel.
A lot of flannel. Acres
of flannel. Right, right.
And now look at you... in the
hipster era with a hipster.
No, no, I'm not really a hipster.
Oh, come on, you're a
music journalist, a barista.
There's a lot of hipster
in that combination.
Well, maybe if I had a
weird beard or something.
- Yeah.
- You do have a beard.
Yeah, but not the...
That will be the others.
Hey.
Hi. Oh, it's lovely to meet you at last.
- You, too.
- Meredith, this is Lily.
- You must be Simone.
- I'm Simone.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
Yeah.
- Your place is gorgeous.
- Oh.
So not Pete-esque.
Oh, really? What
qualifies as Pete-esque?
Oh, it's classy,
imaginative, sophisticated.
- Filth. Total filth.
- Yeah.
Do you know, one time I
went round to Pete's house
and it really, really stank.
And I asked him, "when was the
last time you washed your towels?"
- OK.
- And do you know what he said?
"Why would I wash my towels? I
only use them when I'm clean."
I was being ecologically responsible.
Hi, I'm Mitchell. Lovely to meet you.
- Oh, you're Meredith's friend.
- Yeah. Very old friend, yes.
Oh, not that old.
Lily and I were at
university together, too.
- Yeah, we were.
- Were you? At uni? Girlfriend?
Oh, no, no. No, nothing
romantic between us. No.
- I can assure you.
- Almost.
Oh, really?
What? It was one hook-up.
- OK, just...
- Well, briefly.
It was a disaster, by the way.
Don't worry, it was a total disaster.
Not helping, Sim. Not helping.
I would be reassured, because you
went there and it sucked, so...
What? It didn't... Yeah.
I didn't need reassuring, but thank you.
I don't know maybe he's
just flirtatious kind of guy.
- So you admit he's flirting?
- I'm not saying that.
I mean, how about the bit where
he asked if you were my girlfriend?
- That was cock block of the century.
- Pete, she's pregnant to you.
I don't think it's possible for him
to block your cock at this stage.
Well, not past cock, but
future cock's very blockable.
Future cock is on the block.
- Is everything OK?
- Yes, great.
Good. No, I was just showing...
So, yeah, this is little bofa.
So, they have morning
TV on the weekends?
Oh, yeah, they have it
every day of the week.
It's hosted by a guy... I
don't know if you know him.
His name's Eric Albrectson,
and a woman called Erica Jones.
No. No, I'll have to look him up.
Oh, no, don't. You
probably won't like him.
Oh. Excuse me.
Oh, that was delicious.
- Mum? Yeah, I'm at dinner. I can't...
- Could you come around?
- What's wrong?
- I can't move my face. It's frozen.
Mum, you didn't!
I think I'm having some
kind of an allergic reaction.
- Well, have you showed Vincent?
- I... I can't tell Vincent.
- He's a trained doctor.
- No, he'll just tell your father.
Well, Mum, I can't leave.
I mean, I'm sure it will be OK, but,
look, I'll come round
first thing in the morning.
If it gets worse please go see Vincent.
Alright. OK.
Sorry. Have a good dinner.
- Don't tell your father.
- Goodbye, Mum.
- Sorry about that.
- Everything alright?
Yeah, yeah, fine. I'd describe
it as a medical non-emergency.
Well, um, while we're all here...
Oh.
... Look, I just wanna take
this opportunity to thank you
for this lovely dinner
and to say, well, it's just
been so great to meet you, Pete.
You too.
And you too, Lily and Simone.
Meredith has always been...
... Well, she's a really
important part of my life,
and I am just so happy
that she's getting something
she's always wanted
and has always deserved.
So, cheers to you both.
Cheers.
- Cheers.
Oh, and I got this.
Just... just a little gift
for later. Don't open it now.
- Why? What is this?
- It's just a little gift. Later.
Oh.
It's for $30,000.
I was gonna wait till the baby was born,
but I thought maybe you could
use it now to get set up.
- Oh, I don't know what to say.
- We can't take that.
That's too much, sorry.
I mean, thank you.
Thank you, it's incredibly generous
of you, but we don't need that.
- It's really no problem.
- No, I know.
- You could put it in a trust or...
- Yeah, we're fine.
Thanks.
- Are you done? Mmm!
- Yeah.
- We'll clear the plates up.
- I'll help.
Can I take that? I'll take that for you.
- Ooh. Wow. Spicy, wasn't it?
- Good.
But you didn't have to
reject it straight away.
What was I supposed to say? "Thank
you, we'll discuss it later"?
Yeah, maybe.
I mean, honestly, Pete, that amount
of money, it's nothing to Mitchell.
That's not the point.
I don't want to be 30 grand
in debt to your ex-boyfriend.
I think we need to check in
with what's driving you here,
because I think you're letting
your pride drive you right now.
Yeah, probably.
I mean, I would like to
retain some level of pride.
OK, can we visualise something?
- Meredith.
- Please, just... Just for a moment.
Please?
- Yeah?
- OK.
Good. OK, so, now, I want
you to take that pride...
... And just set it
aside just for a second.
- Are you doing that?
- OK, yeah.
And now I want you to picture our baby.
- Are you picturing our child?
- Yeah.
And it's just turned 10 and it's
looking up to me and it says,
"Dad, why the hell did you let
Mum's ex pay for my education?"
"Do you have a ball sac or not?"
Well, that was the vision.
Hi, you've reached Jack. I can't
get to the phone right now...
Message bank again.
I feel like he liked me at first
and then he got to know
me and then he stopped.
- Always happens.
- No, it doesn't.
I've known you forever and I like you.
Yeah, but you don't
wanna have sex with me.
- That's true.
- Actually one time you did.
No, I didn't.
You did get completely
naked in front of me.
I have never willingly
got naked in front of you,
you have stormed in while
I was getting changed.
You laughed.
Yeah, like a "you're
unbelievable, Simone" laugh.
But there were layers to
the laugh. Sexual layers.
- I can hear them, yeah.
- What?
There was a slight sex layer then, too.
It just felt so heavy
in the brow, like cement,
and then Vincent tells
me it looks toxic.
No, I said it's toxic because it is.
It's a neurotoxic protein. I
was just being accurate, Mum.
I feel reaction-wise like I'm
in a lose-lose situation here.
Either I concur and I make you panic
or I deny and I make you
think you've wasted $300.
Oh, I don't care about the $300.
Mum, you look as good as ever and
you have nothing to worry about.
Isn't that right, Vincent?
Are we seriously becoming the family
that has to convince our mother
that her Botox is OK?
You look great, Mum.
You don't need Botox.
I have got to move out.
- Hey, Mum?
- Mmm?
If you were overheard talking
about someone at work, a colleague,
and you were going on about how
attractive they are jokingly...
... But there is a chance
that they overheard,
would you apologise or just
pretend it never happened?
- Did they hear you?
- Possibly.
Highly likely, yeah.
- And do you like them?
- What?
- Do you like them?
- No!
No, and is... is that even relevant?
I think it's at the centre
of the whole problem.
Oh, my God!
Oh! I can frown! Ha-ha!
Come in.
Hey. Hi. Um...
- Are you not answering my calls?
- Sorry. Insane day yesterday.
My sous-chef went over on his bike.
- Had to pull a 14-hour shift.
- Oh.
- What did you need me for?
- I...
I...
I just thought maybe I should, um...
... clarify, er, something
that I said yesterday.
Um...
Something that you might have overheard.
What was that?
You didn't...
... hear anything... odd?
Did you say something odd?
Nope. No.
So you wanted to come down and
tell me you didn't say anything odd?
Yep.
Look, I did hear something
that maybe I don't think
you realised I could hear.
- In your earpiece?
- About me being 70%...
I might come in for a
brief chat just quickly.
- Really, you don't have to explain.
- No, I really, really do.
- Lily, it's fine.
- Oh, it's just...
The whole Eric thing happened
and then I was on the phone to my
friend who I always joke around with
and I said that 70% thing and
all the other things I said.
It was really a way of saying...
... I loved what you did.
It was a really confusing
way of me saying it
and a stupid, stupid thing
for me to say and I just...
Honestly I thought it was funny.
I didn't give it a second thought.
It's just Simone's my best friend...
- Look.
- ... And I...
Simone and I...
Whatever happens between us is
completely separate to you and I.
OK?
OK.
As far as I'm concerned, it's all good.
OK?
OK.
I mean, apart from anything
else, 70%, it's not that high.
No, it's actually... it's quite
moderate, really, isn't it?
Well, my main worry was,
"where am I losing the 30%?"
I've got to work on that.
You do talk a lot about meditation.
- What's wrong with meditation?
- Freaks me out.
And I get especially
freaked out by people
who post pictures of
themselves meditating,
which you've been known to do.
I mean, who actually
takes that photograph?
Well, I did afterwards.
So you admit you weren't meditating?
I had been seconds earlier.
#Meditation fraud.
And thousands of people like
those pictures, including your mum.
I should also point out
that you only went up to 70%
because of the whole Eric situation,
and since that's over
you've dropped right back
down to your normal level,
- which is much lower.
- How much lower?
- Sub-50.
- Sub-50?
Yeah.
I should go.
- Oh!
- Simone.
Oh, no, take it. Take it,
take it, just don't mention me.
- Don't mention anything about me.
- We're not doing anything wrong.
I know. We're at work.
- I know. Take it.
- Simone?
Hey.
Ah, yeah, sorry, I just... I
got up and came straight to work.
Ah, tonight's going to be difficult.
I don't always say that.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org